the dead and dying Li side by side on
the floor of ala Hospital in central
Gaza the majority of the victims of an
attack on maazi refugee camp are
children believed to have been playing
together when the strike happened
further north in a densely populated
area of Gaza City Israeli fire struck
again this time hitting a vehicle
carrying police
officers we received a report that there
had been a targeting we went there and
found people Torn to Pieces eyewitnesses
say the targeting was carried out in two
strikes those who survived the first
strike were targeted in the second one
the dead are loaded up while any
survivors are taken to hospital that
can't cope we're operating with minimum
capacity we have received an unusually
high number of injured people we're
Limited in staff so we've split the
cases between Al Ali and Kamal adwan
hospitals women and children continue to
make up the vast majority of those
killed in this
war children were playing and were taken
by surprise with missiles falling on
them nothing was happening things were
calm the Arab countries are not taking
our side look at this you can see these
are not resistance Fighters it's a
little
child besides an outpouring of grief
there is anger
here anger that surely if the world saw
what was happening this horror would end
an Mahmud Al jaaz ra and Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer